## intent:affirm
- **YES**
- *YES*
- As I've said, yes.
- I think so
- I think yes
- I'd just forward them the link
- I'd like to do that
- I'll be flying cheap
- OK
- Of course
- yes, of course!
- Ok
- Ok, let's do that.
- SURE!
- Sure
- Totally
- YES
- YES!
- YESSS
- Yeah
- Yes
- Yes I would love that
- Yes, I did
- _YES_!
- aite
- alright let's go
- correct
- def
- definitely
- definitely!
- defo
- do it
- fine
- fine let's do that
- fine lets go
- gotta love [economy](travel_flight_class)
- i think so
- i think so yea
- i will
- i will be in cattle class yes
- i will ya
- i'd say so
- indeed
- ja
- keep going
- let's do it
- let's go for it
- obviously yes I'm not made of money
- of course
- ok
- ok let's do that
- ok!
- ok, let's do that!
- ok, lets do that
- ok, let’s do that
- ok, then let's do that.
- ok, then yes let's do it!
- okay fine
- okey dokey
- oki doke
- si
- sounds great
- sure
- sure thing
- sure!
- that is correct
- that sounds good
- that sounds good to me
- that's correct
- that's right yea
- umm ok
- why not
- y
- ya
- yea
- yea i will
- yeah I guess so
- yeah I love those tiny seats
- yeah def
- yeah gotta get that turkey
- yeah i guess
- yeah let's do that!
- yeah why not?
- yeah!
- yep
- yes
- yes I will
- yes [business class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"} is too expensive
- yes [economy](travel_flight_class) all the way
- yes i do think so
- yes it is
- yes let's do that
- yes please
- yes please!
- yes that's right
- yes!
- yes, actually
- yes, if you like
- 👍🏼
- yes interested
- i would like to help
- true :)
- ok i am got it
- okok
- ok ok
- mmm yes
- ohh ok ok super
- ya sure
- yes,sound is good
- interested
- Yes, I would.
- Ok]
- yeah
- Yes.
- I think that's all.
- yes.. go on
- yes i am very much interested
- those sound good to me. i'll buy [one]{"entity": "number", "value": "1"} of them
- Okay
- Yes, [economy](travel_flight_class)
- Yes, it does.
- es
- yes of course
- yup
- seems so...
- I already said ya
- Yes, but I'm travelling for christmas
- Y
- sounds good
- that would be great
- okay
- yes perfect
- yes sounds great
- yeah sure
- suer
- Yes!
- Yes, I am
- Yes, Schiphol
- Yeag
- Lets do it
- i am
- Yes,
- Great
- Will do
- sounds good to me
- Ok, let's make this more accurate
- as i've said, yes
- Yep
- For sure
- yes, please
- naturally
- Yes please
- Defintiely!
- yeah [LAX](iata)
- Yes, I am interested
- k
- sounds good. thanks
- yes definitely
- Yes please provide me an estimate
- Ok!
- Sounds good
- please do
- yessir
- yes, that sounds good
- Yes, that's correct
- Yes, please
- please provide more accurate estimates
- give me accurate estimate
- Okay.
- Sure. Let's find out for sure.
- Yes. That would be nice.
- yes I would like that
- Yes pleasea
- Yes I will
- Sounds great
- yes i will
- yes.
- Yes, I would. thank you
- yes, that sounds great
- yes i would
- great
- always
- yes!!
- That sounds interesting.
- accurate would be nice
- Okay. done
- Yep.
- Sounds Great!
- Sure.
- go for it
- Sounds good.
- Yeah that sounds good.
- yes, tell me in detail
- oh! sure.
- yes, sounds good
- That sounds great.
- Sounds like a good plan.
- Ya sound good
- Sure go ahead
- yea, I'm broke
- yea that sounds good
- Correct
- Absolutely!
- Yeah it would be pretty expensive not to
- I am interested
- Always
- sounds fantastic!
- Sounds fantastic
- yes I would thanks
- yep!
- no doubt
- without a doubt
- of course!
- Alright
- That would be cool
- yy
- Yeah lets do it
- Yeah sounds great
- could be, yeah
- Okey nice
- sure - where do we start
- Hi there - yes please
- Yeah!
- Yep that be greaz
- I want
- Sound good
- Yes, I would like that
- yah
- Fuck yeah!!!
- i do not know the name of the airport in [new york](city)
- okay, do it
- yes, why not
- offcourse
- Okey
- Ya
- Oh yeah
- yes for [business](travel_flight_class) travel
- okay sound interesting
- sound great
- Thought so
- That makes sense
- Oh yes
- Ha ok
- I would
- Perfect, that's my exact route.
- Yrs
- I want to try
- Please
- That will be great!
- Sounds good!
- I would like to have a more accurate estimate
- oh yea that would be great
- Yeah sounds good
- oh yes
- Yes pls

- does it matter how long the flight is?
- what about my offsets
- what about the offsets
- how bad is a flight from California to Texas?
- how bad is it if I fly across the country?
- i want to offset the carbon from my flights
- what's the damage of a red-eye flight
- why does it matter how long the flight is?
- how much CO2 will that use?
- What is the recommended amount of offset to purchase?
- How much carbon emissions have I generated by flying from [SFO](iata) to [BOS](iata) roundtrip?
- how much does this emit?
- yes I would like a estimate of my flights emissions
- how do I estimate emissions?
- ok, but what about estimating my flight's emissions?
- Sure, but can you calculate it for me? I have another flight.
- That's cool. Can you calculate another flight for me?
- ok how much carbon does a flight create?
- ok how much carbon does my flight create?
- I am interested in offsetting my flights emissions
- hwo much will my flight emit exactly?
- how much CO2 do i emit with a 7 hour flight?
- but how much will my flight emit?
- estimates
- my flight CO2
- how much carbon will a one way flight from [new york](city) to california produce
- Can I have the information on the flight to [New York](city)?
- Could you give me an estimate of my flight's emissions?
- Can you tell me about the effects on the environment this flight will have?
- Can I estimate my flight’s emissions?
- I would like a better estimate
- tell me about my flights offset emissions
- Thanks! But my flight will be longer than that
- i want to offset my flights
- yes. I already answered that. Tell me again about the carbon offsets of my particular flight
- I have another flight
- ok calculate again
- Another flight
- another flight
- i want to ttravel
- another trip
- Another trip
- I have another trip
- I have one more travel
- Great! I have one more travel
- Emissions
- Hello I want to feel guilty about flying a plane
- co2
- greenhouse gas calculation
- trip calculator
- how many pounds of carbon for a flight ?
- hoe many pounds of carbon for a flight
- How much for 135000 milea
- how to calculate emissions from flying
- ok tell me about flying then
- Could you provide an estimate?
- How do I offset 100000 miles
- calculate carbon
- I want check co2
- sure. how much emissions on a flight from [LA](city) to [Sydney](city)?
- I really don't care about CO2 emission because I travel less, only this time I require 2 flights
- what if I have to fly
- calculate
- How can I calculate it?
- I want to calculate an offset
- Give me a number
- How much flight to [London](city)
- what is my offset
- Carbon offset credit
- How bad would a flight be?
- Calculate my offsets
- no I mean i want to calculate my emissions
- how much carbon does a flight from [düsseldorf](city) to [new york](city) emit

- I wanna purchase
- buy co2 credits
- buy co2 offsets
- buy green credits
- buy offsets
- let me buy offsets
- ok I want to buy some
- ok i want to buy some
- ok let's buy some offsets
- ok so can I buy offsets?
- purchase offsets
- I want to buy offsets!
- Okay. Can I buy offsets then?
- Where can I buy offsets?
- I would love to buy offsets but don’t know how
- ok, so where do I buy these offsets?
- help buying Carbon offsets.
- i buy it
- ok thank you. i will buy carbon offset then
- Ok, lets go ahead and buy some offsets
- i would love to buy offsets yes
- Okay. let's book a flight
- Buy Offsets
- I will go buy some.
- ok lets buy some offsets
- how to buy offsets
- how to buy
- i would like to donate
- I want buy offset
- How do I buy
- Buy offset
- how much I can buy
- I want to by it
- How can I buy back the carbon footprint of my international flight
- I want to buy offsets

## intent:deny
- I ain't paying for that!
- I don't like that
- I don't need a link
- I don't think so
- I'm not going to read that
- I'm not gonna ready that
- NO
- NO!
- No
- No no no. I just said I don't want to do anything else.
- No!
- No, I did not learning anything
- No, not really
- Nope
- Not at the moment
- Probably not
- aparently not
- do not want
- doesn't seem so
- don't like that
- don't think so
- go home
- most certainly and defenitly not.
- n
- nah I'm good
- nah thanks
- nein
- never
- no
- no thank you
- no thanks
- no thanks!
- no way
- no!
- no, I won't
- no, not right now. thanks!
- no, probably not
- nope
- not really
- nothing
- nothing, really
- that's not a question
- ugh no
- ugh no thank you
- Nahhh
- No thanks
- no, thanks
- I dont want to buy offsets
- nah
- No, I'm too fancy for that
- no thanks, i'm good
- No, thanks.
- No, i would not
- Nah, thanks.
- no i don't want help buying carbon offsets.
- No thank you
- I'm not interested
- No I do not want help buying offsets
- It is not something I have considered.
- No.
- No. I do not want help buying carbon offsets
- No. [Business](travel_flight_class).
- no i cant
- No can you find out now
- I'll keep the money I have earned.
- no, i want you to buy it
- I'd prefer if you did that for me - I'm time poor.
- i think i know it already
- Neither do I, unfortunately.


## intent:express_negative-emo
- :/
- :facepalm:
- Don't dismiss that! It was a really cool flight! We had a look at one of the last glaciers in New Zealand.
- Then Rasa is not very helpful.
- You are bad
- You are confusing
- You are dreadful
- You are mediocre
- You are not very helpful.
- You haven't helped _me_ yet
- you are bad
- you are dreadful
- you are dumb
- you are mediocre
- you are not nice
- you are unsophisticated
- you didn't really help me with anything...
- I don't give a crap
- ;/
- blah blah
- you were not helpful
- 😭
- Sounds bad
- sad
- :(

## intent:express_positive-emo
- You are good
- You are superb
- about time.
- cool beans
- Cool
- cool cool
- cool!
- coolio
- excellent
- fantastic
- fantastic!
- haha
- haha, nice :)
- nice
- no problem
- no problemo
- spiffing
- thats already not too bad!
- wonderful
- you are fantastic
- you are good
- you are ok
- you are superb
- you are very welcome
- you are welcome
- you're welcome
- 👌
- have a nice day
- welcome
- ok, good. Thanks then. Good luck!
- Very cool. I will check it out.
- Soo cool!
- That is neat.
- :-)
- Awesome!
- Very cool. Thank you!
- whatever, great initiative, rasa ;-) \nI will offset my carbon. thx
- hahahahahahahahahahahaha
- hahahahahahaha
- hahahahaha
- Oh yeah that's cool we all got to do our part to help all I do is walk
- It's all good
- merry christmas
- happy new year
- prosper
- 😀
- :)
- thats cool

## intent:express_surprise
- ?!
- 4.4 tons!
- I don't believe that!
- I don't believe you
- I don't buy it
- I don't buy that
- I don't wanna believe that
- I find that hard to believe
- I'm not convinced
- Oh that's where your name comes from! I thought you were built from carbon.
- That couldn't be right?
- Uh, that much? How can that be? I thought S-Bahn travelmode runs on electricity.
- Wow
- Wow!
- a bot talking about CO2. That's new
- aha
- damn!
- how can it be so much?
- huh
- is that really right?
- oh
- that is messed up
- that's crazy
- that's hard to believe
- that's insane
- what if I don't want to believe that?
- what the hell
- whoa
- woah!
- wow
- wow!
- wtf
- that's alot of CO2
- interesting!
- Wow thats a lot!
- That's a lot.
- wawww
- wow, is it much?
- O
- Wait
- wait
- damn
- 😮😮

## intent:express_uncertainty
- I don't know
- is it really true?
- I guess that's a good thing?
- I'm not so sure
- I'm not sure
- I'm not too sure
- I'm skeptical that can really work
- Somewhat
- Sort of
- don't know. you tell me
- i don't know
- is that good?
- kinda
- kinda sorta
- maybe
- more or less
- not sure
- perhaps
- sort of
- sorta
- what now?
- Uh
- possibly
- i guess
- well, that is a very good question - I don't know
- i don't know yet. If I visit my aunt, I'll fly to [Munich](city), but if I visit my other aunt, I'd fly to [Johannisburg](city)...
- I haven't decided yet. Do you partner with airlines?
- i dont know yet
- i don't know yet
- probably
- hmm Im not sure. Can you tell me more?
- Maybe
- mostly
- Is that a good idea ?
- oh I'm not too sure if this is real or my friend sending me some funny thing but if this is real I didn't mean to send that
- I have a connection to a mission project that serves communities hard hit by climate change.  I want to send the offset $ amount there.      AND the ICAO calculator estimate was !,375 for a round trip from [Seattle](city) International airport to [Cairo](city).   Why the huge discrepancy?
- I HAVE NO IDEA
- Hmmm i must think
- i do not know
- i am not sure
- err
- wer
- Not sure yet

## intent:farewell
- Godspeed
- Goodbye!
- I guess we're done?
- adios
- bye
- bye for now
- bye then
- bye-bye
- ciao
- end the conversation
- good bye
- good bye for now
- goodbye
- no. terminate.
- please shut up
- please stop
- see ya
- see you
- see you around
- see you later
- shut up
- sleep!
- Discontinue my name. Thank you.
- so long
- stop
- STOP
- end chat
- thank you, bye
- goodbye have a nice day
- ok bye
- end
- Leave
- Good bye
- Bye
- Good bye.
- bye!
- ok, bye
- ok goodbye then
- Goodbye
- Bye!!
- Bye!
- I said goodbye!
- Well....goodbye.
- allright then. thank you and goodbye
- Thanks. I'm done.
- Ciao.
- See you later alligator
- gg
- I live you hood nite
- go awy
- I need a donate but I'll do it when I get a little bit more head of money you have a good day
- Oh Okay Then I'll be going
- Unsubscribe
- Later
- Get your business off my phone
- Hang up
- OK goodbye

## intent:greet
- Good afternoon.
- Good morning
- Guten Tag
- HI
- Hello
- Hello?
- Hey
- Hey dude
- Hi
- Hi bot
- ahoy
- good evening
- good morning
- hEllo
- hello
- hello?
- hey
- hey there
- hey yo
- hey you
- heyo
- hi
- hi there
- hii
- hiya
- hiyy
- hoi
- hola
- howdy
- ola amigo
- what's good
- yo
- hai
- HELLO
- happy thanksgiving how are you
- hello]
- Hello!
- Hell
- Hi my name is Eric
- oh uh hi
- hallo
- hallo?
- Hello??
- 👋
- Hey there
- hi there carbon
- hello!
- Hello, Kindly accept my thanksgiving day wishes
- Hello. /thanksgiving
- Hello, and happy Thanksgiving.
- Hello.
- yo!
- hello.
- Good Morning!
- Good Morning
- ih
- hi\
- hi again
- Heyo
- okay hi
- Hello robot!v
- hi bot
- Hi Alan

## intent:how_calculated
- can I check the math?
- How did you come to that result?
- how do you know this, actually?
- how is that calculated
- how did you calculate that?
- how did you come up with that numbers?
- how did you come up with that?
- how do you calculate that?
- how do you get that answer?
- how do you get to that answer?
- how is that calculated?
- how was that calculated?
- what goes into that number?
- what is that based on?
- what's that calculation based on?
- whats the math behind that?
- where did you get that number from
- who came up with that number?
- who did that calculation?
- How do you know how much this emits?
- How do you calculate carbon emmission?
- How do you calculate this
- Could you tell me how [business class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"} emissions are calculated?
- How is [business class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"} emission calculated?
- 2 tons per person or total?
- Can you find out is that is real number
- How are the offsets calculated?
- How do flight emissions get calculated?
- How do the emissions get calculated?

## intent:inform
- [NEW YORK](city)
- I am going home to [Detroit](city)
- I depart in [Berlin](city)
- I fly with [economy class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"}
- I have relatives in michigan I will see them
- I said I'm going to [Boston](city)
- I'll be flying from [Berlin](city) to [San Francisco](city), taking the bus afterwards to [Dunedin](city).
- I'll depart in [Berlin](city)
- I'll fly [economy](travel_flight_class)
- I'll fly [premium economy]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "premium"}
- I'll go and see my parents in Arizona
- I'll take [premium economy]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "premium"}
- I'm going to [Berlin](city)
- I'm heading to [Berlin](city)
- I'm taking my family on a trip to [Las Vegas](city)
- I'm traveling to [Boston](city)
- My conference is in [Berlin](city), and I am flying in from [Stockholm](city)
- My conference is in [New York](city), and I am coming from [San Francisco](city)
- Texas
- [AOA](iata)
- [AOB](iata)
- [AOD](iata)
- [APP](iata)
- [APR](iata)
- [AQY](iata)
- [Aalborg](city)
- [Aarhus](city)
- [Aasiaat](city)
- [Abadan](city)
- [Abakan](city)
- [Abbotsford](city)
- [Aberdeen](city)
- [Ablow](city)
- [Albuquerque](city)
- [Amsterdam](city)
- [Anaheim](city)
- [Anchorage](city)
- [Anchorage](city) AK
- [Anchorage](city) Alaska
- [Arlington](city)
- [Atlanta](city)
- [Auckland](city)
- [Aurora](city)
- [Austin](city)
- [Bakersfield](city)
- [Baltimore](city)
- [Berlin](city)
- [Boston](city)
- [Buffalo](city)
- [CDG](iata)
- [CNT](iata)
- [CPG](iata)
- [CVI](iata)
- [Cairo](city)
- [Chandler](city)
- [Charlotte](city)
- [Cheyenne](city)
- [Chiang Mai](city)
- [Chicago](city)
- [Chula Vista](city)
- [Cincinnati](city)
- [Cleveland](city)
- [Cleveland](city) Ohio
- [Colorado Springs](city)
- [Columbus](city)
- [Corpus Christi](city)
- [DFW](iata)
- [Dallas](city)
- [Delhi]{"entity": "city", "value": "New Delhi"}
- [Denver](city)
- [Detroit](city)
- [Durham](city)
- [El Paso](city)
- [Fort Wayne](city)
- [Fort Worth](city)
- [Fresno](city)
- [GGC](iata)
- [Glasgow](city)
- [Greensboro](city)
- [Henderson](city)
- [Honolulu](city)
- [Houston](city)
- [Indianapolis](city)
- [Irvine](city)
- [JMB](iata)
- [Jacksonville](city)
- [Jersey City](city)
- [KNP](iata)
- [Kansas City](city)
- [Kansas City](city) Missouri
- [LAX](iata)
- [LCY](iata)
- [LMD](iata)
- [Laredo](city)
- [Las Vegas](city)
- [Lexington](city)
- [Lincoln](city)
- [Little Rock](city) AR
- [London](city)
- [London](city) [Heathrow]{"entity": "iata", "value": "LHR"}
- [Heathrow]{"entity": "iata", "value": "LHR"}
- to [Heathrow]{"entity": "iata", "value": "LHR"}
- [London](city) [Gatwick]{"entity": "iata", "value": "LGW"}
- [Gatwick]{"entity": "iata", "value": "LGW"}
- to [Gatwick]{"entity": "iata", "value": "LGW"}
- [London City]{"entity": "iata", "value": "LCY"}
- [Berlin](city) [Schonefeld]{"entity": "iata", "value": "SXF"}
- [Berlin](city) [Schoenefeld]{"entity": "iata", "value": "SXF"}
- [Schonefeld]{"entity": "iata", "value": "SXF"}
- [Berlin](city) [Tegel]{"entity": "iata", "value": "TXL"}
- [Luton]{"entity": "iata", "value": "LTN"}
- [La Guardia]{"entity": "iata", "value": "LGA"}
- [Long Beach](city)
- [Los Angele](city)
- [Los Angeles](city)
- [Los Angeles](city) [LAX](iata) (iata)
- [Louisville](city)
- [Lubbock](city)
- [Madison](city)
- [Memphis](city)
- [Mesa](city)
- [Miami](city)
- [Milwaukee](city)
- [Minneapolis](city)
- [NCJ](iata)
- [NDF](iata)
- [Nashville](city)
- [New Orleans](city)
- [New York](city)
- [Newark](city)
- [Oakland](city)
- [Oklahoma City](city)
- [Omaha](city)
- [Orlando](city)
- [Paris](city), France
- [Philadelphia](city)
- [Phoenix](city)
- [Pittsburgh](city)
- [Plano](city)
- [Portland](city)
- [QRF](iata)
- [Raleigh](city)
- [Reno](city)
- [Riverside](city)
- [SAD](iata)
- [SZQ](iata)
- [Sacramento](city)
- [Saint Paul](city)
- [San Antonio](city)
- [San Diego](city)
- [San Francisco](city)
- [San Jose](city)
- [Santa Ana](city)
- [Santa Fe](city)
- [Santa Fr](city)
- [Scottsdale](city)
- [Seattle](city)
- [St. Louis](city)
- [St. Petersburg](city)
- [Stockton](city)
- [Tampa](city)
- [Toledo](city)
- [Tucson](city)
- [Tulsa](city)
- [VCF](iata)
- [VGS](iata)
- [Virginia Beach](city)
- [Washington](city)
- [Wichita](city)
- [alberquerque](city) nm
- [la](city) to [boston](city)
- always [first class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"} for me!
- florida
- for thanksgiving we always go to see family
- get in to [SAD](iata)
- going to [Houston](city) TX
- going to [new york](city) to see family
- gonna see my aunt and uncle in texas
- hawaii
- heading to [SFO](iata)
- i depart in [Berlin](city)
- i fly out from [Madrid](city)
- michigan
- my brother and his kids are coming to see me
- my flight starts in [Moscow](city)
- my folks and I are going to our cabin in ohio
- my grandparents are from texas so I'm heading there like every year
- my husband and I take turns and this year we'll see my folks
- my journey starts in [Moscow](city)
- sure. I'll fly from [SF](city) to [madrid](city)
- that'll be [business class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}
- this thanksgiving I'm going to my girlfriend's family
- we always spend thanksgiving and christmas in oklahoma
- we take [economy class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"}
- 8 Rivers edge dr
- [Mexico City](city)
- [mexico city](city)
- What would my carbon emissions be if I flew from [Philadelphia](city) airport to [YUL](iata) IN [MONTREAL](city)?
- [london](city)
- united states
- [business class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}
- what about a flight to [san francisco](city)
- [las vegas](city)
- [NewYork](city)
- [newyork](city)
- for [Boston](city) to [NY](city)?
- [economy class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"}
- [NY](city)
- I want to fly from [Boston](city) to [NY](city) in [economy class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"}
- [delhi]{"entity": "city", "value": "New Delhi"}
- I want to go from [boston](city) to [new york](city)
- I would like to travel from [boston](city) to [new york](city)
- fly from [BOSTON](city)
- leave from [Chicago](city)
- united states of america
- [paris](city)
- chicaco
- i already said [Los Angeles](city)
- I'm traveling to [CHICAGO](city)
- ok, I’m going to [Los Angeles](city)
- I would like to depart from [Boston](city)
- I want to leave from [Boston](city)
- [CHICAGO](city)
- [BOSTON](city)
- I want to leave from [Boston](city).
- [Boston](city) to [New York](city)
- I'm flying from [Boston](city).
- Yes, [Economy Class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"}.
- Yes! I am planning to fly from [Boston](city) to [New York](city). I would like to fly [Economy Class]{"entity": "city", "value": "economy"}.
- I'm flying from [Boston](city) to [New York](city) in [economy class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"} on thanksgiving.  What is the environmental effects?
- To [Seattle](city)
- [boston](city) to [new york](city)
- I will be flying to [NYC](city), NY
- I will be leaving from [Boston](city), MA
- [773773](number)
- [New York](city).
- I need an [economy class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"} ticket from [boston](city) to [new york](city), please.
- yes, [economy class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"}
- tell me about carbon offsets from [boston](city) to [new york](city)
- [chicago](city)
- going to [Vancouver](city) from [Pittsburgh](city)
- [yvr](iata)
- I'm flying [business](travel_flight_class) actually
- i want to go from [san francisco](city) to [los angeles](city)
- Pittsurgh
- [BOS](iata)
- [SFO](iata)
- i'm flying to california
- [Lax](iata)
- [Los angeles](city)
- [San francisco](city)
- [phoenix](city)
- [seattle](city)
- sea
- what's my carbon use to fly from [sea](iata) to [sfo](iata)
- [singapore](city)
- [Beijing](city), as I said!
- I'm flying from [TXL](iata) to [Beijing](city)
- let's say I'm flying from [TXL](iata) to [beijing](city). How much does this emit?
- [BOSTON](city) damn it!
- [SEATTLE](city)
- [boston](city)
- [Seattle](city). And from there to [Madrid](city)
- ok, so I'll fly from [Seattle](city) to [Madrid](city)
- Yes. I'll fly from [Seattle](city) to [Madrid](city)
- [New york](city)
- [Hong Kong](city)
- [Beijing](city)
- [Cape Town](city)
- [Geneva](city)
- [Frankfurt](city)
- probably [Leipzig](city)
- no I am heading out in [first class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}
- [new york](city)
- [san francisco](city)
- [san fran](city)
- [berlin](city)
- [Shanghai](city)
- no, [business class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}
- sure, I'll fly [business class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"} though
- [LA](city)
- Yes, I am flying from [Berlin](city) to [Detroit](city).
- I am flying to [Detroit](city)
- Amsterda
- I am flying from [Amsterdam](city) to [Detroit](city).
- [Detroit](city), with layover in [Amsterdam](city)
- Bad Tölz
- Im flying from [San Francisco](city) to [Phoenix](city)
- [Munich](city)
- How about [berlin](city) to [Munich](city)?
- I'll be flying from [Berlin](city)
- to [Copenhagen](city)
- [rome](city)
- [moscow](city)
- [detroit](city)
- [pittsburgh](city)
- [auckland](city)
- I'll fly from [seattle](city)
- [nyc](city)
- [oakland](city)
- [alberquerque](city)
- [Ontario](city)
- [stockholm](city)
- [Abu Dhabi](city)
- I have a flight from [Berlin](city) to [Abu Dhabi](city)
- I just need an [economy](travel_flight_class) ticket.
- I am flying from [Boston](city).
- [Dublin](city)
- [vancouver](city)
- i'm going to [new york](city)
- [SF]{"entity": "city", "value": "San Francisco"}
- [taipei](city)
- [kathmandu](city)
- I'm going from [Boston](city) to [LA](city)
- yes. i am flying from [Boston](city) to [New York](city) in [economy class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"}
- [Berlin](city) Tegal to [krakow](city)
- What are my carbon emissions from [Berlin](city) to [Krakow](city)?
- Hello I would like to fly to [boston](city) to visit famil.y
- [Sao Paulo](city)
- [Rio de Janerio](city)
- [Pittsburgh](city) to [Rio de Janerio](city)
- [Pittsburgh](city) to [Dubai](city)
- A flight from [Pittsburgh](city) to [Detroit](city)?
- A flight from [Miami](city) to [Hong Kong](city)
- What if I want to fly to [Miami](city)
- [Paris](city)
- Probably the United States
- [Toronto](city)
- [san diego](city)
- [new york](city) city
- I'm flying from [Boston](city) to [New York](city).
- Hello. I am flying from [Boston](city) to [New York](city) on Thanksgiving day at 1 p.m. and I would like to get information on about the carbon offsets of this flight.
- [New York](city) City
- Yes, [Economy class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"}
- Yes, I am flying from [Boston](city) to [New York](city) and would like to understand the carbon offsets that I can take
- yes from [Boston](city) to [New york](city)
- from [boston](city)
- [Boston](city).
- [denver](city)
- [louisville](city)
- [Los Angels](city)
- [tampa](city)
- albuquerqhi
- what if I fly from [Paris](city) to [Seattle](city)
- and from [Seattle](city) to [Dallas](city)?
- yes I'm going from [Chicago](city) to [EWR](iata)
- ok what about from [EWR](iata) back?
- back to [Chicago](city)
- what about a flight from [New York](city) to [Singapore](city)?
- send location
- [frankfurt](city), germany
- [frankfurt](city) germanh
- i'm flying from [seattle](city)
- [fra](iata)
- [frankfurt](city)
- what is the carbon cost of flying from [seattle](city) to [frankfurt](city)?
- burlingron, VT (btv)
- btv
- BtV
- [Burlington](city) vT
- [albuquerque](city) new mexico
- destination vermont
- [albuquerque](city)
- albuquer
- round trip flight [Santa Fe](city) nm to [Burlington](city) vt
- What if i'm in [first class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}?
- I want to fly to [NY](city)
- Hi. I'm considering going to [New York](city) from [Boston](city) for the holidays. I'd be flying [economy class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"}. Can you tell me information concerning carbon offsets, please?
- I would like a flight from [Fort Lauderdale](city) FL to [Aguadilla](city) PR.
- Yes, I will be traveling in [Economy Class]{"entity": "city", "value": "economy"}.
- I'm sorry. I would like to travel to [New York](city) from [Boston](city).
- [Santa Fe](city) New Mexico to [vermont](city)
- need to book a flight for christmas from [boston](city) to [new york](city), [economy class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"} but i need to know about carbon offsets
- Yes, I'd like information on a flight from [Boston](city) to [New York](city)
- How about from [Boston](city) to [New York](city)?
- [Seattle](city).
- [Palm Springs](city).
- [NYC](city) to [LAX](iata)
- [Portland](city), Oregon
- [Corvallis](city)
- Yes, I will be flying from [Boston](city) to [New York](city) in [economy](travel_flight_class).
- [NEw york](city)
- I need a flight to [New York](city)
- [Buenos Aires](city)
- [LHR](iata)
- No.  [Business class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}.
- [RDU](iata)
- ah, no I'll fly from [seattle](city)
- [Raleigh](city) NC
- [Kaunas](city)
- [Düsseldorf](city)
- yes, I'm flying from [Berlin](city) to Duesseldorf
- [Vilnius](city)
- As I said before, [Austin](city)
- Oh cool but actually I'm flying to [Newark](city). Is it the same emissions?
- no [first class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}
- what about a flight from [Dubai](city) to [Singapore](city)
- [London](city), [Gatwick]{"entity": "iata", "value": "LGW"} airport
- [new delhi](city)
- From [Hell](city)
- [Delux Class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"} please
- I'll be flying from [Seattle](city)
- I'll be flying to [Frankfurt](city)
- [Frankfurt](city). In Germany
- I fly from [Seattle](city) to Europe twice a year
- [Bari](city) palese
- [Palese](city)
- [Bari](city)
- [torino caselle]{"entity": "iata", "value": "TRN"}
- [Caselle]{"entity": "iata", "value": "TRN"} Turin, Italy
- [Turin](city), Italy
- [Ahmedabad](city)
- [Washington](city) dc
- [ny](city)
- from [London](city) to [Paris](city)
- [Pittsburgh](city), PA
- [LCA](iata)
- [Larnaca](city)
- [Athens](city)
- [Heraklion](city)
- [heraklion](city)
- [heathrow](iata) airport
- from [New York](city) to [London](city)
- from [Berlin](city) to [New York](city)
- from [Berlin](city) to [London](city)
- from [Paris](city) to [London](city)
- [FCO](iata)
- [Rome](city) [FCO](iata)
- no I'll be flying from [Berlin](city) to [London](city)
- from [Rome](city) to [London](city)
- [Berlin](city) to [London](city)
- to [Paris](city)
- from [Bangalore](city)
- to [Bangalore](city)
- from [London](city) to [Sydney](city)
- From [FCO](iata)
- From [FCI](iata)
- From [Rome](city) to [London](city)
- [PIT](iata)
- from [London](city)
- to [London](city)
- from [Berlin](city)
- From [Berlin](city)
- from [Rome](city)
- [Stuttgart](city)
- from [LED](iata) to [PIT](iata)
- From [Berlin](city) to [Pittsburgh](city)
- From [London](city) to [SFO](iata)
- [Aspen](city)
- [LEF](iata)
- [sf](city)
- [Chantilly](city)
- [Montréal](city)
- [Stockholm](city)
- [Kbp](iata)
- [Kiev](city), [borispol]{"entity": "iata", "value": "KBP"}
- [London](city), [gatwick]{"entity": "iata", "value": "LGW"}
- china
- sl
- Oh Darling lets you and me having fun together ❤ I love 💘 you
- [raleigh](city), nc
- [New York](city) City ([JFK](iata))
- [JFK](iata)
- How much for [New York](city) Sidney
- I'm travelling from [New York](city) to [Sydney](city)
- [Bombay](city)
- Rare from [Honolulu](city) airport to [Takes Hale](city) via
- How about [first class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}?
- The same
- [BOM](iata)
- [bos](iata)
- Yep how much is a flight from [berlin](city) to [new york](city)?
- California
- [Sydney](city), Australia
- [Hanoi](city)
- Maybe to [Romę](city)
- Maybe to [oslo](city)
- Carbon emission [JFK](iata) TO [SFO](iata)
- [Cleveland](city) Oklahoma
- [mazatlan](city), Sinaloa, mexico
- [mazatlan](city), mexico
- Carbon emissions to fly from [Minneapolis](city) to [mazatlan](city)
- [MTY](iata)
- [Monterrey](city)
- [First class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}
- [Palawan](city)
- [Davao](city)
- [Cebu](city)
- [Manila](city)
- [Milford](city) UT
- [Pimpville](city) Ut
- Shedang boi I'm [first class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}
- okay, i will fly to [New York](city) City
- [tokyo](city)
- [Milpitas](city)
- [Milan](city)
- Uk
- [Nairobi](mention)
- how about one of the airports around [nyc](city)
- i don't know, somewhere nice in florida
- thinking about flying from [dallas](city)
- I'm traveling from [SJO](iata)
- [San Jose](city), costa rica
- Nahi
- [Vantaa](city)
- [Helsinki](city)
- To [london](city)
- To [New York](city)
- To [Madrid](city)
- To [Paris](city)
- From Nerlin
- From [Berlin](city) via [London](city)
- From [New York](city)
- From [Bangalore](city)
- To [Bangalore](city)
- [Sydney](city) to [London](city) [Singapore](city)
- To [PIT](iata)
- [sjc](iata)
- To [SFO](iata)
- To [London](city)
- From [Rome](city)
- From [LED](iata) to [PIT](iata)
- From [Berlin](city) to [SFO](iata) via [Singapore](city)
- From [London](city) to [SFO](iata) via [Singapore](city)
- [Mine](city)
- [Kiev](city), Ukraine
- [Economy class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "economy"}
- Prgf
- Prg
- Prag
- The next class above [Economy](travel_flight_class).
- Could you estimate for me the cost of offsets for a round-trip flight from [Cincinnati](city) ([CVG](iata))  to [Edinburg]{"entity": "city", "value": "Edinburgh"}, Scotland.
- Departure [NYC](city)
- dellas
- Vietnam
- [Hanoi](city), Vietnam
- Poland
- [SYDNEY](city)
- [Tak](city)
- [Cebu](city) City
- Metro [Manila](city)
- [Medford](city), MA to [Nashua](city), NH
- [Mannathan](city)
- [Ny](city)
- Im flying To [NY](city)
- [First](travel_flight_class) Class
- [bangalore](city)
- [Portland](city) Oregon
- [PKG](iata)
- [IAD](iata)
- [los angeles](city)
- kansas
- no i would travel in [business class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}
- [HRG](iata)
- [hong kong](city)
- min [Business class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}
- [Business](city)
- [los angeles](city), ca
- [Charlotte](city), nc
- [Los Angeles](city), Ca to [charlotte](city), nc
- [los Angeles](city) to [charlotte](city)
- [charlotte](city)
- what is the footprint from [lax](iata) to [clt](iata)?
- [dallas](city)
- as I said, [Boston](city) to [Rome](city) round trip
- [Boston](city) to [Rome](city) round-trip
- [chicago](city) ohare to [nashville](city)
- [chicago](city) to [nashville](city) flight
- flight from [chicago](city) to [nashville](city)
- Illinois
- The [new york city](city)
- [Nyc](city)
- [Jfk](iata)
- [Hyderabad](city), india
- [Hyd](iata)
- What about from [Paris](city) to [Berlin](city)?
- What about [Paris](city) [Berlin](city)
- I want to go from [Amsterdam](city) to [Paris](city).
- [Rome](city)
- [Berlin](city) [SXF](iata)
- [tunis](city) , tunisia
- [tunis](city)
- [Saint Louis](city)
- [st louis](city) mo
- ok fine im flying from [st louis](city)
- [TEL AVIV](city)
- Great, I'm going from [Ben Gurion](iata) to [JFK](iata).
- How about [Yasser Arafat](iata) International Airport?
- [Palestine](city)?
- [Ben Gurion](iata) Airport
- Israel
- Right, and I'm flying from [Tel Aviv](city) to [NYC](city)
- I don't know any other way to describe the city [Tel Aviv](city)
- [Tel Aviv](city) Israel
- [Knoxville](city)
- [Funchal](city)
- Flight to [Dubai](city)
- [Wien](city)
- [Viena](city)
- I want to fly from [Barcelona](city) to [Viena](city)
- [Kyiv](city)
- [Kiev](city)
- [Santiago](city) de chile
- Chile
- [Bogotá](city)
- [Johannesburg](city)
- [Melbourne](city)
- [Dortmund](city)
- [Business class]{"entity": "travel_flight_class", "value": "business"}
- Trichirappalli
- [Singapore](city)
- Singaporea
- [STL](iata)
- [Sevilla](city)
- [bogota](city) colombia
- [Savannah](city)
- [Bogota](city)
- [Prague](city)

## intent:inquire-ask_clarification
- ?
- Can you give me more information?
- Fine. What?
- How?
- Recently?
- Seriously?!
- What is Rasa?
- Why would I?
- how?
- ok, how can I do that?
- what are carbon offsets
- what is it?
- what?
- why?
- with what?
- Like what?
- what is available?
- what
- Mhm?
- how do i do that?
- Huh?
- okay what?
- how is that ?
- what is the website ?
- what project ?
- please be detailed
- what are carbon offsets exactly
- what is co2
- really
- How???
- Your joking..right ?
- Tell me more
- Tell
- What are carbon offsets
- I want to learn how
- ok how do we do this?
- what is carbon offsets
- lol what?

- How can I be sure my purchase will offset carbons?
- Me neither. So does the offset clean the air?
- OK..then tell me how my paying needed cash will lower global warming
- but I would like to know where the donations go
- What is the working principle
- How does it lower greenhouse gases?
- How do you buy offsets?
- How do offsets work?
- how do offsets workr
- I'm not a hippie
- but is that actually equivalent to me staying at home?
- do you want me to feel guilty about flying?
- hmm but does that actually cancel out the carbon?
- how do offsets work?
- is that the same is if I hadn't travelled?
- should I feel guilty about flying?
- what does "offset" mean?
- you're just trying to guilt trip me
- how do I buy offsets?
- Do I really need to get offset?
- What exactly is an UN-certified carbon offset?
- What are carbon offsets?
- So what benefit is thee in buying carbon offsets?
- but why does it reduce the carbon emissions
- So if I buy the offset the plane will put out less pollution?
- How does this work?
- how do i off set plane flights
- How does planting trees help?
- Yes but how does it work?
- how do the carbon offsets work?
- How can paying money to offset help?
- How can buying offsets eliminate CO2?
- If I buy an offset, where does the money go?
- what are carbon offsets?
- How does offset work?
- What does offset do?
- how it works
- how do carbon offsets work?
- How can I be sure the offsets will be successful?
- how the offsets really work?
- does it really help?
- how that works?
- how does that work
- how do I buy offsets
- what are they?
- do offsets really help the environment
- how do offsets work
- how do carbon offsets work
- carbon offsets aren't real
- tell me more about offsets
- how do they work
- offsets don't really work
- Does that mean if I pay this, then the plane doesn't pollute the air?
- how does it work?
- How do we know they are causing climate change?
- so does that mean there is no pollution?
- What is offsetting of emissions?
- No. I am not interested buying Carbon offsets. What is carbon offsets ?
- What is the purpose of carbon offset?
- how does it work
- how do the offsets work?
- What are certified emission reductions or CERs?
- Why offset? Climate Neutral Now
- What actions are being taken for carbon offsets?
- how offsets work
- Are these offsets really effective?
- how offsets will work
- Do you know about the carbon offsets?
- can you explain to me how carbon offsets work?
- How much of an impact can offsets have on the environment?
- sure i guess. First can you tell me some more about carbon offsets?
- how does the offset work
- Tell me how the offsets work
- Do offsets really work?
- what do offsets do?
- what is the point of carbon offsets
- Does this actually work?
- Does this actually offset the amount of carbons used for my flight?
- are offsets better than not flying?
- tell me why offsets are worth it
- why buy offsets at all?
- Yeah but I'm skeptical. How do offsets work, anyway?
- No. I'm not quite sold on the idea. How do they work?
- how does it even work?
- How can offsets help the environment?
- What exactly are offsets?
- i dont understand how the flight offsets work but im interested
- but can you explain what carbon offsets are
- Do the offsets actually do anything?
- How offsets works usually ?
- How do these offsets work?
- Maybe. How does a carbon offset actually help the environment?
- How do they work?
- Can you tell me anything else about the offsets?
- Do offsets work?
- What does buying offsets do?
- how effective it is?
- how it will work?
- how exactly do carbon offsets even work?
- Are carbon offsets actually useful?
- Does it help the environment?
- How much does it help the environment/
- Tell me about carbon offsets.
- what kind of offsets?
- but how does $1 actually offset a ton?
- how does it actually offset?
- What is the advantage of buying these offsets?
- How do the offsets work?
- What are offsets?
- so how would that work
- do offsets really work?
- offset
- what is carbon offset?
- How does an offset work?
- so tell me about c02
- I try again :  by how many degrees C  or  F will carbon offsets reduce global temperature ?
- I repeat - carbon offsets will not affect climate. !
- I don't fly, but I'm curious about carbon offsets ?
- Explain
- How do I offset carbon footprint from air travel?
- What do they do with the offsets
- Info on carbon credits
- Will these offsets capture 100% of Co2?
- carbon offset


- I meant the [first]{"entity": "mention", "value": "1"} one
- Take the [first]{"entity": "mention", "value": "1"} one
- Take the [last]{"entity": "mention", "value": "LAST"} person
- Take the [second]{"entity": "mention", "value": "2"} one
- The [first]{"entity": "mention", "value": "1"} one
- The [last]{"entity": "mention", "value": "LAST"} one
- The [latter]{"entity": "mention", "value": "LAST"}
- The [second]{"entity": "mention", "value": "2"} one
- The [third]{"entity": "mention", "value": "3"} person
- [1](mention)
- [2](mention)
- [3](mention)
- [4](mention)
- [5](mention)
- number [one]{"entity": "mention", "value": "1"}
- take the [second]{"entity": "mention", "value": "2"} one
- that [last]{"entity": "mention", "value": "LAST"} one is right
- the [first]{"entity": "mention", "value": "1"} one
- the [last]{"entity": "mention", "value": "LAST"} one
- yeah the [last]{"entity": "mention", "value": "LAST"} one

## intent:restart
- restart
- start again
- start over please
- let's start over
- lets start fresh
- back to the beginning
- let's go back to the start
- start over
- can we start again please
- start
- Restart
- get started
- Let's begin
- Start
- Let's start again
- Lets restart
- That's ok, can we start over?
- Let’s start over

## intent:thank
- Great, thanks!
- Thank you very much for your help.
- Thank you, dear bot.
- Thanks
- Thanks!
- That shall be it for today. Thank you for the conversation and the link that you have provided.
- cheers thanks
- cheers!
- gracias
- many thanks
- ok thank you
- ok, thanks
- ta
- tak
- thank you
- thanks
- thanks I'll read that
- thanks for that
- thanks!
- thx
- ok thanks
- Joselico gracias 💪🏻
- okay thanks for helping
- thank you so much
- thans
- Thank you.
- Thank you for instrction
- yes really thank you for sharing this information
- Thats great thank you
- Thank you
- Joselico gracias Dois 🙏🇺🇸🏦🛠🔥⭐️🦅👑💪🏻
- Thank you!
- awesome, thanks!
- Thank you :)
- thank you for the info
- Thank You
- Thank you, you are a good bot!
- thank you for your time
- I will do that, thank you!
- great thanks!
- Thank you for the information.
- Ok, thanks
- Cool. Thanks.
- cool, thanks
- Perfect, thanks
- Ok thanks
- hank you
- good bot
- Okay thank you
- Thank you so much
- oh ok thanks any way
- thanls
- That's great! Thanks for the link
- oh thaks

## intent:faq/ask_howdoing
- how are you?
- how is it going?
- how's it going?
- how are things?
- are you well?
- what's up?
- wassssup
- wassup
- hey what is up
- how's you
- how ya going?
- how you doing?
- how are you doing
- sup
- 'sup
- how you doing
- Hello how are you
- Whats up?
- are you okay?
- How are you
- how are you
- whats'up

## intent:inform_notunderstanding
- Where you going? I'm still curious where my payment goes.
- You dont know anything
- yes you said that
- yes you just sent me the link already :)
- Are you there?
- do you know what your saying?
- Do you see my message above this one?
- are you just giving random responses>
- no no, the offset project on that website you sent me
- aha, good to know, but not what I asked.
- again, you just said that
- you just said that
- That's not an answer to my question...
- I thought you do :/
- You come in here, looking all cool, then just stop talking to me like that? Leave me here hanging? Waiting for you to love me?
- you still owe me an emission estimation 😅
- What about the "more accurate estimate"?
- That's not what I asked.
- are you still there?
- you don't understand
- no you're not getting me
- that's not what I said
- that isn't what I meant
- no that's not what I mean
- I said yes!?
- I already told you
- I've already said that
- I really dont see how this is helping me
- I understand so how can I help you learn how to answer my questions if you have standard responses
- I said new york, not bye
- hellp
- that doesn't make any sense
- you're not getting me
- are you there?
- are you going to ask me about buying carbon offsets?
- are you going to ask me about something?
- you already gave me that
- No, it is a car!
- No, I want to offset my drive home for Christmas
- I said what is carbon footprint bro
- are you ther
- You are not doing great sorry
- You are not well trained bro
- speak to m
- So yyou don't know
- You would know if u have been high
- Correct this :D
- that didn’t give me an answer?
- ARE YOU THERE
- HOLIDAY INN WEST DOESN'T COME UP
- That does not answer my question.
- I already answered that
- you dont understand right
- so why can't you answer my questions
- you dont know CO2
- You have not solved my issue
- Are you here
- Not understanding or not wanting to understand.

## intent:insult
- fuck off computer
- good stay of my page
- how about you eat shit
- shit eating scum
- dirty fucking scum
- shit sucking scumbot
- more worthless fucking bot spam
- fuck you
- Sod off swampy.
- shit
- you suck ballz
- this is stupid
- this is shit
- fuck this
- Would you like a roundhouse kick?
- this sucks
- why do you suck
- why do you suck so much?
- o hate you
- i hate you
- u suk
- fuk u
- you suck
- bitch
- asshole
- shithead
- FUCK YOU THERE IS NO SUCH THING AS CLIMATE CHANGE AND WE KNOW IT YOU CUNTS !
- You suck
- dumb bot
- Bernie Sanders communist v\nCocksuckers
- stupid bot
- Get ur nasties offy phone.
- Then don't invade my phone with your adds
- Screw you stop pitting your junk on my phone
- Get off my phone you crooked fucking bitch
- Junky
- Slut
- Yes you do bitch
- none of your business slut
- I’m sick of our relationship you don’t treat me right babe
- A. I. Fags
- Go the Fuck away cunt
- Fuck you Fuck them
- Get off my phone you crooked fucking idiots
- Bitch
- Ya you do you slut
- Like the liberal piece of trash you are
- Fuck you you piece of shit
- You invaded my space. Get the fuck out!
- Fuck you very much🤭
- Bend over bitch
- you idiot!
- Bernie madoff son of a bitch
- You butt gigs brother
- And your family pelosi
- So double fuck off thief
- fuck off you crooked bastard
- F off George Soros puppets
- fuck off robot
- Stoned damn fools.
- Fuck you
- I said fuck off
- LOL, ask Greta, LOL


- Are there cheaper options?
- Is there a publicaly available budget?
- What am I supposed to choose from?
- Do you know something about the projects?
- Show me some projects
- How does the program sustain itself?
- is there a limit or can you buy as many as you want
- Who is the UN Climate Change secretariat?
- What is the overall budget?
- Interesting. What is this "Biomass Energy Conservation Programme" about?
- Can I indicate the reason why I am purchasing CERs in the certificate?
- Will I own the CERs after my purchase has been completed?
- How are CERs generated?
- Will I get a certificate for the cancellation of the CERs?
- Can I purchase CERs for purposes other than voluntary cancellation?
- Can I choose the recipient of the certificate?
- Can I cancel CERs which are located in the registry of Annex I countries under the UNFCCC, such as the European Union registry?
- What projects can I donate to?
- Can I purchase offsets for this project; San Clemente Hydroelectric Power Plant?
- Ceran's Monte Claro Run of River Hydropower Plant CDM Project Activity
- 5 MW Wind Power Project at Baramsar and Soda Mada, district Jaisalmer, Rajasthan, India
- Generation of Electricity from 2.50 MW wind turbine in Tirunelveli District, Tamilnadu, India by M/s. Woodbriar Estate Ltd
- Biomass Energy Conservation Programme
- wind farm
- wind power project india
- what about that hydro dam one
- I choose 9510
- Ok, Ill get project 697
- Which is the most popular project to buy offsets from?
- What project
- What are the projects that supposedly reduce greenhouse gasses?
- What projects are available
- What projects get the donations

## intent:help
- I don't understand
- please help here
- what i need to do
- Can you help me please
- Please help
- i do not understand
- Can you help me?
- Help

## intent:faq/other-language
- vai te pra puta que te pariu bot imundo do caralho
- vai para o inferno
- Belém do Pará
- Do you speak in Spanish?
- no hablo ingles
- can you speak french ,
- תל אביב
- sprichst du deutsch?

## intent:vulgar
- In the ass
- I just farted can you tell me about the admissions coming out of my buttbecause I don't want to make too much of a carbon footprint print coming out of my butt
- I want to Fuck your mom
- Oh Baby My Big COCK is deeply rooted in your hot pussy Please I love 💘 you
- I'm fucking your mom
- Cum eater
- Cuz bucket
- Do you suck cock
- Does your dad still have sex with your sister
- Your mom does
- So does your sister
- Faggots
- In your moms ass
- Go butt Fuck your mom
- Eat shit you crooks
- When they fart
- I'll be farting from [Oklahoma City](city) to [New York](city)
- If I keep farting from [Oklahoma City](city) to [New York](city) how much carbon will come out of my butt
- Does your dad still fuck you
- Quit fucking your mom
- Cum sucker
- And if there are any Dingle berries on first approach a curteousy wipe is never turned down. Of course you can always scarf that crap up 😜
- I mean it doesn't have to be a guys butthole right? So it's not inherently gay, but if it is a guys butthole "no homo" rule does apply
- Ever lick a butthole?
- My penis still itches
- You can donate so I can buy my cream to produce more mushrooms growing in my pubes to end the war between the crabs and the worms
- So you would like to pay me $10 for 1 minute of smelling my jungle bridge?
- The worms and the crabs are fighting over the mushrooms growing on my genital area
- My balls kinda itch too
- You wanna scratch my cock ?
- My cock itches
- I've got a project right here buddy...
- Does she suck cock
- How about your sister
- Bernie Sanders communist v\nCocksuckers
- Cunts
- I'll donate 1 stiff dick in your ass
- Shiff is your daddy
- Cunt
- In your mama's ass
- Donate this asshole
- Bend over  bitch
- Blow Bernie Sanders
- Yo mama did
- Ok swallow boy George Soros unzips his pants enter swallow 👦
- Honestly i want climate change to happen faster kill all humans am i right

## intent:faq/personal_question_for_bot
- What model are you using
- Have u been drinking today
- But are you drunk
- Can u read
- A t e you board today
- Have you ever been a fight
- Habevyou been in s fight
- Do you smoke or drink
- Have you got high
- Have you ever got high
- Hey carbon bit are u gay
- Did you know that?
- Does it love?
- Are you real
- Do you want me
- Do you love me
- what is your name ?
- how can i replicate you
- i want to love you
- what is your age
- what is your name
- what are you smiling about?
- What's your age
- What your name
- gime me some details about you
- whats' your work
- whats'your name
- what's your age?
- who are you
- How are you ?

## intent:help_procrastination
- I procrastinate a lot these days
- How to stop procrastinating?
- I procrastinated a whole day instead of preparing to my exams
- why do I procrastinate even though I understand I need to do stuff?
- Is procrastination a bad sign for my mental health?

## intent:help_loneliness
- I feel soo lonely today
